hello people how are your grandchildren the
I have already brought you a new tutorial
a tutorial a minecraft tutorial
how to make an obsidian generator
good and to not be the longest we go to
explain how this and the internet
found on youtube better said
found several videos of generators and
stubborn but I realized that
general of option to ask you many
resources a lot also something from 6
the name there are dispensers and more things
like cubes with the base is lame lava
and this is great and I did not like it
complete I preferred for example for me
I prefer to make a hole in
against going to get my own assistant
chop better at times get all
materials but I thought better I do a
obsidian generator but not boy
customized as with fewer resources
for spending and my sixth is boy is
Dutch spending a dispenser and a bucket
of lava that is inside and this bucket of
the never will be how it works
I put 4 d
active rest and thinker
let's see how it is produced is not going
burning and going disappearing this is
a change we are for ops there is no
for the presses mind button is going
coming out the lava while botica our
field and itching I go itching appear
here it's itching, itching and again
I do the same thing is a barter the steam we
arrives is a barter rest for oxidiana
so it's going to stay good I do not know why I
I'm working and I'm already working
it will be because always up and fresh
it's good as you can see it works for
remove this and how this is done
materials will see on your screen the
cost materials materials materials
good material materials
good we put six blocks any
block
1 2 3 4 5 6 number that asked a
block has cost two blocks to
up here also two blocks for
down
we cover this
34 we make a hole under this 4 and
back we put four cubes with water 1 2
4 so they will be left as you can see no
the water passes
well here we put a block any
a dispenser looking towards this side
of the dispenser we put a bucket with water
with lava
there are days that this that I am a cube
with lava and here we can crystals for
that is more beautiful more aesthetic you know
so there is one more
Oh
this way we will stay and now we connect the
remains with click shift dispenser
right and now we can these remains
of these remains because of this here we put a
button and relevant and our model already
I would be ready
in light of what you want us to place
four of the rest 1 1 2 3 4 and activate it
ready you are ready as you can see it
is generating what unites with being here in
this design we will be the rest as
years in minecraft and pretty much the rest and
good is a good change you can do
when you want to place it where you
you want is a nice design after
change some things but it was fine
nice and I hope you liked the
design that I already did with a lot of love
for you and now we go with the
greetings the fucking greetings the fuckin
Greetings can stop this message that
generate
there it's going to stop, we're going to go with the
fucking greetings
the fuckin greetings greetings to give it
being so pancho
to what happened to us only to cry
Prescribed hundreds greetings for csb 101
greetings for juan medina greetings for
iron craft 626 greetings to read 325
greeting to tahar nous greetings to
buy gamer let's get this out
now yes, that was the greetings from
Today the fuckin greetings the fucking
regards
and well that was all for today that was
all for me I'm from yuste like my
channel
subscribe and if you are new subscribe and
you like you feel through my
subscribe videos like my video
If you liked, share our
what kind of friends I upload videos from
soto with me good always came in the
rogue airplane that I always say always
everything at the end and videos you will already know
before this with me and see you later